[MUSIC]
>> Jon: This one's a little bit more
open ended as far as the challenges go.
I have this profiling page here and
there's a lot of stuff wrong with it.
It's super, super slow but I thought it
would be a good opportunity for everybody
to take 10 or 15, do the audit on it,
see what it comes back with do a timeline.
So go to timeline and
hit refresh and record and
like just kind of start peeking around and
seeing like what
kind of stuff is a problem like is too
much painting, is it too much JavaScript.
Can you maybe click through and
figure out you what painting or
what JavaScript it is?
Just kind of familiarizing yourself
with the timeline and the audit panel.
Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: One quick question from John
online.
Can you explain what each
level means is the top
level the main processing thread?
>> Jon: Okay, so as far as like
this stuff goes this is all within the
main thread, this is just a call stack.
It's another way of
visualizing the call stack.
So like in the sources were doing
the debugging it was just flat and
it went all the way down.
This is like that,
except the width of each method is
determined by actually how long it took.
So kind of imagine instead of that nice
pretty table you've got these like shapes.
And then however, if you minimize the main
thread you can actually see stuff that
was like tossed off of the GPU and a bunch
other stuff we're going to cover that
a little bit later but basically like I
don't know if you've ever heard like if
you do a CSS animation the GPU
can help accelerate it.
Where as like JavaScript animations
they can stuff like that so
there's like a work that can be
tossed off to the GPU when available.
So yes you can see kind of what works
going on on the GPU side as well.
But yeah this is all a single threaded so
this is the one thread it's
just a call stack going down.
So again like tall functions are not
what you want to worry about.